## South Sydney Uniting Church

### October 19th, 2025

---

**Bujari gamarruwa ...**

**Yaama ...**

**Malo e lelei ...**

---

## Welcome

---

Almighty God, to whom all hearts are open, all desires known, and from whom no secrets are hidden: cleanse the thoughts of our hearts by the inspiration of your Holy Spirit, that we may perfectly love you, and worthily magnify your holy name; through Christ our Lord. 

Amen.

---

<section data-background-image="assets/candle.jpg">

## Lighting the Christ's candle

---

For you, deep stillness of the silent inland

For you, deep blue of the desert skies

For you, flame red of the rocks and stones

For you, sweet water from hidden springs.

---

From the edges seek the heartlands

and when you're burnt by the journey

may the cool winds of the hovering Spirit

soothe and replenish you.

In the name of Christ,

In the name of Christ

---

**The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the communion of the Holy Spirit be with you.**

And also with you.

---

### Acknowledgment of Country

Friends, let us soften our gaze as we greet one another…

And let us be mindful of where we are…

The ground beneath our feet…

---

Merciful God, our maker and our judge, we have sinned against you in thought, word, and deed, and in what we have failed to do: we have not loved you with our whole heart, we have not loved our neighbours as ourselves; we repent, and are sorry for all our sins. 

---

Father, forgive us. Strengthen us to love and obey you in newness of life; through Jesus Christ our Lord. 

Amen.

---

Now to him who loved us, gave us every pledge that love could give, freely shed his blood to save us, gave his life that we might live, be the kingdom and dominion and the glory evermore.

Amen.

---

<section data-background-image="assets/collect.jpg">

</section>


---


<section data-background-image="assets/reading.png">

### Jeremiah 31:31-34

> **For the Word of the Lord**

> Thanks be to God

---

Alleluia, Alleluia

Alleluia, Alleluia

---

<section data-background-image="assets/reading.png">

### Luke 18:1-8

> Glory to you, Lord Jesus Christ.

> **This is the Gospel of the Lord**

> Praise to you, Lord Jesus Christ 

---

<section data-background-image="assets/luke18.jpg">

</section>


---

We believe in God, holy Source of all that is.

We believe in God, who has spoken the eternal Word in Jesus Christ. 

We believe in God, ceaselessly breathing the Spirit into creation. 

---

We trust in God’s love and wisdom: fully revealed in the humanity of Jesus Christ, present to us through the Spirit’s working in the Church and beyond. 

---

We believe that God is calling the whole creation into a future of justice and peace. 

We share in Christ’s risen life, and commit ourselves today to receive the coming reign of God. 

---

To the only God, Three yet One, be all honour and glory and praise now and for ever. 

Amen.

---

<section data-background-image="assets/prayers.jpg">

## Prayers of the people

> **Lord, in your mercy,**

> hear our prayer.

---

Bread is blessed and broken

Wine is blessed and poured

Take this and remember

Christ the Lord

---

Share the food of heaven

Earth cannot afford

Here is grace in essence

Christ the Lord.

---

Know yourself forgiven

Find yourself restored

Meet a friend forever

Christ the Lord

---

For God has kept his promise

Sealed by sign and word

Here for those who want him

Christ the Lord.

---

<section data-background-image="assets/communion.jpeg">

</section>

---

**The Lord be with you.**

And also with you.

**Lift up your hearts.**

We lift them to the Lord.

**Let us give thanks to the Lord our God.**

It is right to give our thanks and praise.

---

**...Lord our God,**

we give you thanks and praise.

---

Holy, holy, holy Lord, 

God of power and might,

Heaven and earth are full of your glory.

Hosanna in the highest.

---

<section data-background-image="assets/communion.jpeg">

</section>

---

Christ has died.

Christ is risen.

Christ will come again.

---

<section data-background-image="assets/communion.jpeg">

</section>

---

**...Accept our prayers through Jesus Christ our Lord.**

Blessing and honour and glory and power are yours for ever and ever. 

Amen.

---

**We break this bread to share in the body of Christ.**

**We who are many are one body,**

for we all share in the one bread.


---

<section data-background-image="assets/communion.jpeg">

</section>

---

Life-Giver, Pain-Bearer, Love-Maker. Source of all that is and that shall be.

Father and Mother of us all, Loving God, in whom is heaven

The hallowing of your name echo through the universe!

The way of your justice be followed by all peoples of the world!

---

Your heavenly will be done by all created beings!

Your commonwealth of peace and freedom sustain our hope and come on earth.

With the bread we need for today, feed us.

In the hurts we absorb from one another, forgive us.

---

In times of temptation and test, strengthen us.

From trials too great to endure, spare us.

From the grip of all that is evil, free us.

For you reign in the glory of the power that is love, now and forever. 

Amen.

---

## Announcements

---

## Blessing

---

Keep us in this hope that we have grasped

so we and all your children shall be free, 

and the whole earth live to praise your name. 

---

Father, we offer ourselves to you as a living sacrifice 

through Jesus Christ our Lord. 

Send us out in the power of your Spirit 

to live and work to your praise and glory.

---

May the feet of God walk with you

and his hand hold you tight.

May the eye of God rest on you

and his ear hear your cry.

---

May the smile of God be for you

and his breath give you life.

May the Child of God grow in you

and his love bring you home.

---

### Grace

**Sisu,**

**tapuaki’i mai me’a kai,**

**mo’ui lelei famili kotoa. ’Emeni.**

Jesus, 

bless our food, 

for good health with all our families. Amen.

