# South Sydney Uniting Church

### 13th July

---

<section data-background-image="assets/candle.jpg">

## Lighting of the Christ Candle

</section>

---

We acknowledge the traditional owners of the land on which we gather,
the Gadigal people of the Eora Nation, 
who in their dreaming, in their living with the land, 
respect truth and wisdom. 

Guide us in honouring the earth and making sure 
that all creatures under heaven know their part in preserving its life, and we pay our respects to elders past and present. 

---

From the rising of the sun till its setting in the west

**God’s holy name be praised.**

On the lips of children, by babies at the breast,

**God’s holy name be praised.**

In the visions of the old and the dreaming of the young.

**God’s holy name be praised.**

In the banquet hall of heaven and the forgotten corners of our hearts,

**God’s holy name be praised.**

Let all that has life and breath praise the Lord.

**We praise the Lord!**


---

Bring many names, beautiful and good,

celebrate, in parable and story,

holiness in glory, living, loving God.

Hail and hosanna! bring many names!

---

Strong mother God, working night and day,

planning all the wonders of creation,

setting each equation, genius at play:

Hail and hosanna, strong mother God!

---

Warm father God, hugging every child,

feeling all the strains of human living,

caring and forgiving till we’re reconciled:

Hail and hosanna, warm father God!

---

Old aching God, grey with endless care,

calmly piercing evil’s new disguises,

glad of good surprises, wiser than despair:

Hail and hosanna, old, aching God!

---

Young, growing God, eager, on the move,

saying no to falsehood and unkindness,

crying out for justice, giving all you have:

Hail and hosanna, young, growing God!

---

Great, living God, never fully known,

joyful darkness far beyond our seeing,

closer yet than breathing,

everlasting home:

Hail and hosanna, 

great, living God!

`Brian Arthur Wren, 1937`

---

## Welcome

---

<section data-background-image="assets/prayers.jpg">

## Prayers

</section>

---

Loving God,

because you made the world,

and intended it to be a good place,

and called its people your children;

because, when things seemed at their worst,

you came in Christ to bring out the best in us;

so gracious God, we gladly say:

---

**Goodness is stronger than evil**

**love is stronger than hate,**

**light is stronger than darkness,**

**truth is stronger than lies.**

---

Because confusion can reign inside us,

despite our faith;

because anger, tension, bitterness and envy

can sometimes distort our vision;

because our minds sometimes worry small things

out of all proportion;

because we do not always get it right,

we want to believe:

---

**Goodness is stronger than evil**

**love is stronger than hate,**

**light is stronger than darkness,**

**truth is stronger than lies.**

---

Because you have promised to hear us,

and are able to change us,

and are willing to make our hearts your home,

we ask you to confront, control,

forgive and encourage us, as you know best.

---

Then let us cherish in our hearts

that which we proclaim with our lips:

**Goodness is stronger than evil**

**love is stronger than hate,**

**light is stronger than darkness,**

**truth is stronger than lies.**

---

Loving God, hear our prayer,

and so change our lives 

that we illustrate the grace of the God

who makes all things new.

**Amen.**


---

<section data-background-image="assets/reading.png">

## The Gospel

Halle, halle, halle-lu-jah!	

Halle, halle, halle-lu-jah!

Halle, halle, halle-lu-jah!

Halle, halle, halle-lu-jah!

Hallelujah!  Hallelujah!

</section>
---

<!-- change the background image using html. Just make sure the corresponding image is in assets  -->
<section data-background-image="assets/reading.png">

## Luke 10:38-42

**Glory to you, O Jesus Christ**

The good news and power of God.

**Praise to you O Jesus Christ**


</section>

---

Sermon

---

> Come as you are:  that’s how I want you.

> Come as you are; feel quite at home,

> close to my heart, loved and forgiven.

> Come as you are: why stand alone?



---

No need to fear, love sets no limits;

no need to fear, love never ends;

don’t run away shamed and disheartened,

rest in my love, trust me again.

---

I came to call sinners, not just the righteous;

I came to bring peace, not to condemn.

Each time you fail to live by my promise,

why do you think I’d love you the less?

---

Come as you are:  that’s how I want you.

Come as you are; trust me again.

Nothing can change the love that I bear you;

all will be well, just come as you are.

`Deidre Browne, 1936`

---

<section data-background-image="assets/offering.jpeg">

## Offering

</section>

---

## Announcements

---

<section data-background-image="assets/prayers.jpg">


## Prayers of the People

</section>

---

Father and Mother of us all, 

may all proclaim your worth.

Your kingdom come, your will be honoured 

in heaven and on Earth.

Give us today the things we need, 

our shelter, our money, our food. 

Forgive us our debts as we agree 

to treat others as you would.

---

Lead us in ways that do not tempt us 

or put us to the test.

Save us from faults or compromise 

that would rob us of our best.

For you are the heart of the kingdom, 

your power and glory extend

through time and space forever and ever, 

and so shall it be. 

Amen.

`Alison Jones (Clark) © 2016.`

---

Father, I long, I faint to see

The place of Thine abode;

I’d leave Thine earthly courts, and flee

Up to Thy seat, my God!

&nbsp;

Here I behold Thy distant face,

And ’tis a pleasing sight;

But to abide in Thine embrace

Is infinite delight.

---

I’d part with all the joys of sense

To gaze upon Thy throne;

Pleasure springs fresh for ever thence,

Unspeakable, unknown.

&nbsp;

There all the heav’nly hosts are seen,

In shining ranks they move,

And drink immortal vigor in

With wonder and with love.

---

Then at Thy feet with awful fear

Th’ adoring armies fall;

With joy they shrink to nothing there,

Before th’ eternal All.

&nbsp;

There I would vie with all the host

In duty and in bliss;

While "less than nothing" I could boast,

And "vanity confess."

---

The more Thy glories strike mine eyes

The humbler I shall lie;

Thus while I sink, my joys shall rise

Unmeasurably high.

`Isaac Watts. Public domain`
---

## Blessing

---

**Koe Atua Lilifu,**

**Fakamonuina mai tau mena kai nei.**

**Fakaue lahi.**

**Amene.**


*Beloved God,*

*Bless this food we are about to receive.*

*Thank you for giving it to us.*

*Amen.*

`Arlo, a Niuean Grace`

